welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called lost girls
and love hotels from 2020 spoilers ahead
watch out and take care and i hope you
enjoy it
in this movie a girl falls in love with
a gangster what happens next to know the
rest you must watch the whole video
this movie is based on the theme of when
we get defeated by ourselves so without
wasting any time let's start the
explanation
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
girl she was walking through the tunnel
her name was margaret she was so drunk
and someone was behind her when she took
out a cigarette the man behind her gave
her the lighter she told him to take her
to the hotel
the scene ends here and the story goes
to flashback
margaret told us that sometimes she
thinks that there's no happy ending to
some stories she works in a flight
attendant school in japan
she teaches the girls to pronounce
correctly
last night she was so drunk and she came
to school today in the same dress
one of her students really likes her and
compliments her outfit
she came to the school with the same
outfit that she wore yesterday in the
club which means she didn't go to her
house yet she went to the washroom to
change her dress
but the boss of this place noticed this
she asked her if she was okay margaret
said yes i'm all right margaret lives
alone in a tiny apartment she goes to
the bar every night with her friends
one of her friends names was iness and
the other was liam tonight she was drunk
as well she asked them what will happen
if i get so drunk
they told her that if you got so drunk
you'll not be able to walk
when she went to the washroom she saw a
man and had sex with him after that she
came back to the table and started
drinking again
at night when she and her friend liam
were alone liam asked her why don't you
date me
you can go out with me he got so close
to her but margaret told him that i
think of you as my brother on the road
she saw a gangster his name was yakuza
margaret said that yakuza was the most
handsome guy she ever saw in her life
yakuza also noticed her when the signal
became green they went their separate
ways it was too late in the night all of
her friends went to their house but she
was not going to her home she went to
another bar and got drunk
in that bar she saw another guy and the
guy also saw her they both smiled at
each other the guy took her to a hotel
they were about to have sex but margaret
told him to hit her with a belt she
loved to get hit while having sex but
the guy didn't want to hit her at all
that's why she left the hotel margaret
didn't go to her house that night either
she went to the school in the dress she
wore last night
she was so drunk that she couldn't even
walk her boss saw her and told her that
i think you're not feeling well today
you should go back to your home margaret
went to the washroom and her boss also
came after her she asked her do you know
why i gave you the job margaret didn't
know then she told her that when i was
young i was like you i enjoyed my life
but margaret didn't believe her because
now she was totally different her boss
told her i don't have my husband or any
child everyone knows that my life is
terrible i might have made so many
mistakes in my life but still i can
teach something to these girls she was
trying to inspire margaret after that
margaret went to the library she was
looking at a painting book the book was
full of nude paintings but suddenly
yakuza came there and asked her do you
like this artist margaret said yes
yakuza also said me too in the next
scene we saw that they came to a hotel
just like margaret wanted she wanted to
have sex with him while her hands and
legs would be tied to the bed yakuza did
the same he tied her hands and legs to
the bed and had sex with her yakuza told
her not to think that he was a bad man
margaret told him no i won't the next
day when she went to her school her boss
asked her do you think this is all fun
margaret told her actually i like this
job of mine she played the role of a
flight attendant she was telling them
about how a little girl can behave with
a terrorist she played the role of them
when school ended she saw that yakuza
was waiting for her he told her not to
worry they will just go for dinner he
took her to a japanese restaurant they
had to enter the restaurant without
their shoes on when margaret took off
her shoes we saw that her socks were
torn apart yakuza didn't want her to
feel uncomfortable so he took her to
another restaurant he asked her what do
you do in japan margaret told him that
actually i want to live alone she does
not want to stay away from people but
she wants to stay away from her family
and her country they were talking to
each other but suddenly a man came there
he was so drunk he fell on margaret
margaret felt so uncomfortable from this
and went to the washroom when she came
back from the washroom she said that the
whole restaurant was totally quiet
actually yakuza is a gangster and that's
why he kicked everyone out of the
restaurant
he told margaret that sometimes people
will try to disturb you that's why you
need to stay away from them after that
they went to the hotel once again and
had sex
margaret asked him what do you like
about myself yakuza told her that you're
very special your needs do not get
fulfilled very easily so satisfying you
is like a challenge to me then yakuza
asked her about what she likes about him
margaret also told him that he was also
like a challenge to her and she likes
challenges yakuza told her about his
marriage and margaret got upset after
hearing this she left the hotel in the
next scene we saw that margaret told her
friend that one day i would lose my
consciousness and be mad but her friend
asked her is this about yakuza there is
no difference between love and madness
margaret told her that he's going to be
married her friend also felt a bit upset
she told her that life is a ride and
enjoy this ride to turn on her mood she
took her to a bar
after that we saw that she was looking
at a book
it was the same book which she saw at
the library when she met yakuza yakuza
gifted this book to margaret margaret
saw that there was a hotel card inside
the book then she went to that hotel and
met him they had sex once again margaret
found it so interesting that yakuza was
a gangster margaret asked him did you
ever cut someone's finger off and send
it as a gift yakuza told her if someone
makes a mistake and he wants him to
remember this for the rest of their
lives then he will cut their fingers off
he didn't want to talk to her about this
so he asked her about her family her
parents were already dead and she had a
brother she started to hear so many
voices in her head that she had no one
in her life who could guide her she
asked him do you love your wife yakuza
told her that you have to take some
responsibility in your life you can
never spend your life alone marriage
society are so important and that's why
he had to get married after that they
had sex once again
yakuza asked her why do you play this
game in bed
margaret told him that this is the thing
that turns her on
in the next scene we saw that margaret
was taking drugs with her friend liam
liam's girlfriend came there they looked
so cute together therefore margaret was
making fun of them the next day when she
was coming to her school yakuza was
standing outside he asked her to go
somewhere with him since margaret had to
go to school she could not go with him
she told him we can go out tomorrow if
you want but yakuza insisted and she
agreed some of her students saw this
they were traveling by train and yakuza
showed her some photos of his childhood
margaret became so happy about it after
that yakuza took her to place and they
kissed each other then they came to a
pagoda there was a sign inside the
pagoda yakuza told her that she will get
a new life if you come here from now on
you will have no connection with your
past life after coming out from the
pagoda yakuza asked her how she was
feeling actually margaret was not
feeling anything special so yakuza told
her that you will feel it later margaret
fell asleep on the train then yakuza put
her jacket on her body and left as we
saw margaret didn't come to school
yesterday therefore her boss got so
angry with her and fired her from her
job margaret told her that she could
become a good person but her boss told
her that if you want to be a waitress
then go somewhere else
after she came out of the school she
cried a lot yakuza also didn't contact
her one day her friend came to her and
told her that she will go back to
america margaret told her that the good
things of our life do not stay with us
for long they leave us for the last time
they went to a bar margaret asked her
friend why did you choose me as your
friend she told her that there are two
kinds of people on this earth
first one is who gets their wish
fulfilled very easily the second is who
takes away their favorite things from
people like a hunter at first sight i
felt that you're from the second group
that night margaret had sex with so many
guys the next day while she was walking
on the road she found yakuza he was with
his whole family his wife was also there
when his family left margaret started
following him yakuza entered a building
but margaret could not find him that's
why she sat there and cried a lot yakuza
was watching all of this from his room
and then he came to her he told her to
stay away from him he's not worthy of
her margaret told him that maybe she
could be his secret
actually margaret only wanted to have
sex with yakuza
they hugged each other and margaret said
i love you to him then they had sex
yakuza felt well about this but he was
feeling sad about what he did today
margaret wanted to stay in japan but she
had no job that's why she started a job
in a bar on the first day she realized
that this was not the right job for her
because she got drunk that night when
she left the bar she cried on the road
and liam's girlfriend saw her she took
her to a restaurant margaret told her
that sometimes i feel like staying alone
that night she was also drunk as well
she saw a poster on the wall girls were
getting kidnapped from the city at the
beginning of the movie we saw a scene
where a man helped her to light her
cigarette and she told him to take her
to a hotel her behavior was so strange
she told him to tie her to the bed he
tied her to the bed and asked her what
do you think you're special because of
your behavior margaret said no it's not
like this
actually i like this kind of hotel he
told her when i was young i came to this
hotel with a girl very often
margaret told him that sometimes people
hide another face behind their actual
face
margaret realized that it could be her
last night on earth and she saw that
sign from the pagoda she felt like she
was getting a new life when he was about
to kill her yakuza came there and saved
her life she couldn't believe that it
was him she asked him are you following
me actually yakuza was in love with her
and that's why he was following her
margaret got a new life and that's why
she decided to live a new life she
wanted to change her lifestyle and
that's why she came back to america
while going back she called yakuza and
told him that you were right i got a new
life after seeing the sign from that
pagoda on that flight she saw her
student now she has become a flight
attendant she felt very proud that her
job matters
the dialogue she said at the beginning
of the movie she said that dialogue once
again but she added a little more to
that dialogue she said that there's no
happy ending in life there's always
something happening to our life
and this is so messy people make a story
with different events in their life but
this does not matter at all if we notice
it then it looks so beautiful
we will be able to find beauty in
everything in our life if we look for it
margaret has lost everything in her life
she was in love with yakuza but she
could not have him as well after coming
from death she wants to live her life in
a new way when she saw her student on
the plane she felt very proud
just like her boss told her that i have
made so many mistakes in my life but i
can teach these girls from my mistakes
and margaret will do this in the future
whatever happens to her life she will
find beauty in it
this was the positive message of this
movie
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks